\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c $Id: mbuggy.texi,v 1.8 1999/01/01 19:09:22 voss Exp $
@c %**start of header
@setfilename mbuggy.info
@settitle Moon-Buggy Usage and Maintainance
@include version.texi
@c %**end of header

@dircategory Games
@direntry
* moon-buggy: (mbuggy).         Moon-Buggy Usage and Maintenance
@end direntry

@ifinfo
This file documents moon-buggy, a simple, curses-based game

Copyright 1998 Jochen Vo@ss{}

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
preserved on all copies.

@ignore
Permission is granted to process this file through TeX and print the
results, provided the printed document carries a copying permission
notice identical to this one except for the removal of this paragraph
(this paragraph not being relevant to the printed manual).

@end ignore
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
versions, except that this permission notice may be stated in a
translation approved by the Free Software Foundation.
@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@title Moon-Buggy Usage and Maintenance
@author by Jochen Vo@ss{}

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 1998 Jochen Vo@ss{}

Published by Jochen Vo@ss{}

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided also that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation
approved by the Free Software Foundation.
@end titlepage

@node Top, Introduction, (dir), (dir)

@ifinfo
This document describes the usage and installation of Moon-Buggy.  It is
a simple, curses-based game, where you drive some kind of car across the
surface of the moon.  Unfortunately there are dangerous craters there.
Fortunately your car can jump!  This edition of the manual applies to
version @value{VERSION} of the program.
@end ifinfo

@menu
* Introduction::                Introduction
* Invocation::                  Invocation
* Playing the Game::            Playing the Game
* Installation::                Installation and setup
* References::                  References
@end menu

@node Introduction, Invocation, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction

Moon-buggy is a simple, curses-based game, where you drive some kind
of car across the surface of the moon.  Unfortunately there are
dangerous craters there.  Fortunately your car can jump!

Moon-Buggy comes with NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.  You
may redistribute copies of Moon-Buggy under the terms of the GNU General
Public License.  For more information about these matters, read the file
COPYING of the source code distribution or press @kbd{c} at moon-buggy's
title screen.

Please mail any suggestions and bug reports to
@email{voss@@mathematik.uni-kl.de}.  Your message should include the
moon-buggy version number, as obtained by the command @samp{moon-buggy -V}.


@node Invocation, Playing the Game, Introduction, Top
@chapter Invocation

Moon-buggy understands the following options.  The long options starting
with @samp{--} are only supported on some system types.

@table @samp
@item -h
@itemx --help
shows a short but helpful message.

@item -n
@itemx --no-tile
skips the title screen.

@item -V
@itemx --version
prints the program's version to standard output and exits.
@end table


@node Playing the Game, Installation, Invocation, Top
@chapter Playing the Game

Just start it.  Follow the instructions and use the @key{SPC} bar to
jump.


@node Installation, References, Playing the Game, Top
@chapter Installation

Moon-buggy requires the curses library as a prerequisite.  If curses is
not installed on your system, you may obtain the ncurses package
(@pxref{References}).

When you unpack the moon-buggy distribution, you get one directory,
which holds all the source files and the documentation.  Now enter this
directory:

@example
cd moon-buggy-@value{VERSION}
@end example

@noindent
If you have built
moon-buggy in this directory before, you can use the command @samp{make
distclean} to remove any files, which were created during the last
build.

The file @file{INSTALL} contains generic installation instructions,
which you can follow.  But in most cases you just type

@example
configure
make
make install
@end example

You can choose the score file location via configure's
@samp{--sharedstatedir} option.  On Linux you should use

@example
--sharedstatedir=/var/games
@end example

@noindent
to comply with the Filesystem Hierarchy Standard (@pxref{References}).


@node References,  , Installation, Top
@chapter References

Version 2.0 of the @strong{Filesystem Hierarchy Standard} (FHS 2.0) may
be found on the internet at
@url{ftp://sunsite.unc.edu/pub/linux/docs/fhs/fhs-2.0.tar.gz}.

The @strong{ncurses} package is at
@url{ftp://prep.ai.mit.edu/pub/gnu/ncurses-4.2.tar.gz}.
@bye
